All right, so the mv command lets you move a file to a new location.
It's also the main program used to rename files and folders, and a lot of times you'll do that in the
same command.
So here's an example.
Going to /tmp, just make a random file or something.
See if it's there.
There it is.
Now you can say 'mv something
stuff_and_things',.  See?  Now it's named stuff_and_things.
And so you can actually do that in the same same command.
You can move it and rename it to a totally different spot.
So let's move stuff_and_things to '~/', which is a shorthand for your home folder.
Say...my_moved_file.  We can go back with 'cd -' to my home folder, because that was the last folder
that I was in.
And then there's my moved file.
And there it has the "something" in it that I originally put in there.